add document format to quickstart (#1671)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/quick_start.md

For this quick start, we will be using a collection of movies as our dataset. To follow along, first click this link to download the file: <a id="downloadMovie" href="/movies.json" download="movies.json">movies.json</a>. Then, move the downloaded file into your working directory.

::: note

> Meilisearch currently only accepts JSON, NDJSON, and CSV dataset formats, you can read more about them in our [dedicated guide](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#dataset-format).

Reviewer: Nitpicking, but it's not a dedicated guide if it's not specifically/entirely about that subject 😬

> Meilisearch currently only accepts JSON, NDJSON, and CSV dataset formats, you can read more about them in our [dedicated guide](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#dataset-format).

Author: ```suggestion
Meilisearch currently only accepts JSON, NDJSON, and CSV dataset formats, you can read more about them in our [documents guide](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#dataset-format).
```

> Meilisearch currently only accepts JSON, NDJSON, and CSV dataset formats, you can read more about them in our [documents guide](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#dataset-format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meilisearch currently only accepts data in JSON, NDJSON, and CSV formats. You can read more about this in our [documents guide](/learn/core_concepts/documents.md#dataset-format).
```
